Update IAM CTL documentation with all customization options and add Asgardeo docs (#5254)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/deploy/promote-configurations.md

## Why use IAM-CTL tool?

The [IAM-CTL](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-tools-cli){:target="_blank"} tool is a command-line utility designed to simplify the management of configurations.

- **Bulk Configuration Management**: Handle large-scale configurations in your target environment effortlessly.
- **Environment Promotion**: Promote resources across multiple environments with ease.
- **Backup and Restore**: Act as a backup solution for environment configurations.
- **CI/CD Integration**: Automate deployment processes and resource propagation using CI/CD pipelines. To integrate with GitHub workflows, refer to the [sample workflow guide](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-tools-cli/blob/master/docs/resource-propagation.md){:target="_blank"}.

### Supported Resource Types

IAM-CTL currently supports the following resource types:

- **Applications**
- **Identity Providers**
- **Claims**
- **User Stores**

## Getting Started

### Setting up

Follow the steps below to learn how you can configure IAM-CTL.

> 1. Download the latest binary file from [releases](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-tools-cli/releases/){:target="_blank"} based on your Operating System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest release from [releases](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-tools-cli/releases/){:target="_blank"} based on your Operating System.
```

Author: This is now updated.

> 2. Extract the tar or zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Extract the release.
```

Author: This is now updated.

3. Open a terminal and create an alias (depending on your platform):

    === "Linux/Mac"
        ```bash
        alias iamctl="<IAM-CTL-PATH>/bin/iamctl"
        ```
    
    === "Windows"
        ```bash
        doskey iamctl="<IAM-CTL-PATH>\bin\iamctl.exe" $*
        ```

> 4. Run the tool using the following command to get the basic details:

Reviewer: -h option shows available commands right? if yes, shall we reword as follows?

```suggestion
4. Run the following command to view the available commands:
```

Author: This is now updated.

    === "CLI Command"
        ```bash
        iamctl -h
        ```

5. [Register an M2M application]({{base_path}}/guides/applications/register-machine-to-machine-app/){:target="_blank"} with the following API authorization and take note of client ID and client secret.

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Management --> Application Management API</td>
        <td>Create Application, Update Application, Delete Application, View Application</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Management --> Claim Management API</td>
        <td>Create Claim, Update Claim, Delete Claim, View Claim</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Management --> Identity Provider Management API</td>
        <td>Create Identity Provider, Update Identity Provider, Delete Identity Provider, View Identity Provider</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Management --> Userstore Management API</td>
        <td>Create Userstore, Update Userstore, Delete Userstore, View Userstore</td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Running the tool

1. Create a new folder and navigate to it from your terminal.
2. Run the following command to create the configuration files needed.

    === "CLI Command"
        ```bash
        iamctl setupCLI
        ```

> 3. A new folder named configs will be created with an **env** folder inside it. The env folder contains three configuration files: **serverConfig.json**, **toolConfig.json**, and **keywordConfig.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A new folder named **configs** will be created with an **env** folder inside it. The **env** folder will contain three configuration files, **serverConfig.json**, **toolConfig.json**, and **keywordConfig.json**.
```

Author: This is now updated.

>     <div class="admonition note">

Reviewer: there is a markdown syntax for admonitions. shall we use that instead?

Author: This is now updated.

        <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>
        <p>If you have multiple environments, get a copy of the env folder and rename it according to the environments you have.</p>
    </div>

> 4. Open the **serverConfig.json** file and provide the client ID/secret of the app you created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the **serverConfig.json** file and provide the client ID and client secret of the M2M application you created earlier.
```

Author: This is now updated.

    === "serverConfig.json"

        ```json
        {
            "SERVER_URL" : "{server_url}",
            "CLIENT-ID" : "{client_id}",
            "CLIENT-SECRET" : "{client_secret}",
            "TENANT-DOMAIN" : "{tenant_domain}"
        }
        ```

    === "Example"
    
        ```json
        {
            "SERVER_URL" : "{{server_url}}",
            "CLIENT-ID" : "bsjhjlb64crOL58bKV3UQmwA9QQa",
            "CLIENT-SECRET" : "TC45TBkLaZ6kFxqZuSmhOgelSG2ZBvFYKFlUFmfhKlYa",
            "TENANT-DOMAIN" : "{{tenant_domain}}"
        }
        ```

> 5. Run the following command for Export/Import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the following commands to export and import configurations.
```

Author: This is now updated.
